docs: Add Puppeteer Extension Tutorial (#1396)
block/goose: documentation/docs/tutorials/puppeteer-mcp.md

  ```

  2. Choose to add a `Command-line Extension`
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◆  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  ○ Built-in Extension 
    // highlight-start    
    │  ● Command-line Extension (Run a local command or script)
    // highlight-end    
    │  ○ Remote Extension 
    └ 
  ```

  3. Give your extension a name
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  Puppeteer
    // highlight-end
    └ 
  ```

  4. Enter the command
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  Puppeteer
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  What command should be run?
    │  npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-puppeteer
    // highlight-end
    └ 
  ```  

>   5. Add Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Specify no environment variables are needed
```

        * **Type**: `Standard IO`
        * **ID**: `puppeteer-mcp` (_set this to whatever you want_)
        * **Name**: `Puppeteer` (_set this to whatever you want_)
        * **Description**: `Puppeteer MCP Server` (_set this to whatever you want_)
        * **Command**: `npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-puppeteer`
  5. Click `Add Extension` button
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage
In this example, I’ll show you how to use Goose with the Puppeteer Extension to perform an accessibility audit on a website. By automating browser interactions, Goose can navigate the site, test keyboard navigation, check color contrast, analyze ARIA attributes, and generate a detailed report with recommendations and code fixes.

This allows you to quickly identify and resolve accessibility issues without manually inspecting each page.

<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI" default>

  1. Open a terminal and start a new Goose session:

  ```sh
  goose session
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop">
   1. Open a new session in Goose Desktop
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Goose Prompt
```

> Can you check if our website, primarily the docs section, is accessible? Please conduct a full accessibility audit, focusing on the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you check if my website is accessible? Please conduct a full accessibility audit, focusing on the following:
```

---
title: Puppeteer Extension
description: Add Puppeteer MCP Server as a Goose Extension
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import YouTubeShortEmbed from '@site/src/components/YouTubeShortEmbed';

> This tutorial covers how to add the [Puppeteer MCP Server](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/HEAD/src/puppeteer) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to interact with websites just like a human would - navigating pages, filling forms, clicking buttons, taking screenshots, and executing JavaScript in a real browser environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial covers how to add the [Puppeteer MCP Server](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/HEAD/src/puppeteer) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to interact with websites - navigating pages, filling forms, clicking buttons, taking screenshots, and executing JavaScript in a real browser environment.
```

  ```

  2. Choose to add a `Command-line Extension`
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◆  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  ○ Built-in Extension 
    // highlight-start    
    │  ● Command-line Extension (Run a local command or script)
    // highlight-end    
    │  ○ Remote Extension 
    └ 
  ```

  3. Give your extension a name
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  Puppeteer
    // highlight-end
    └ 
  ```

  4. Enter the command
  ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  Puppeteer
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  What command should be run?
    │  npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-puppeteer
    // highlight-end
    └ 
  ```  

> 

Reviewer: need a step/sentence
